About the Workshop+
In person Madhubani Workshop with Master Artist Priti Karn in collaboration with P-TAL and Amala Earth

Date: 29th Sep, Sunday
Time: 3:00 pm to 5:00 pm IST
Location: Amala earth concept store
60, Community Center, Basant Lok, Vasant Vihar, New Delhi, 110070


Artist Priti Karn 

Join us for an intimate and authentic workshop in collaboration with P-TAL with Master Artist Priti Karn from Madhubani, With three decades of artistic mastery, Priti has adorned canvases with vibrant tales. A torchbearer of her lineage, Priti imbibed the art from her Padmashri awardee grandmother, Godawariies spring to life on her canvas.

About P-TAL

P-TAL aims at reviving the dying craft form of the indigenous Thathera community of Jandiala Guru, Amritsar, who have the distinction of practising India’s only UNESCO listed craftform. The Thatheras of Jandiala Guru are a community of skilled craftsmen who specialize in the traditional technique of hammering brass and copper sheets into traditional utensils. This crafts colony of Jandiala Guru was established during the reign of Maharaja Ranjit Singh (1883), the great 19th century Sikh Monarch, who encouraged skilled crafters from Kashmir to settle in the heart of his kingdom in Punjab. P-TAL aims at reviving the languishing craft of Thatheras all across India through a three faceted approach: institutionalisation of artisans, design development and training, and market access through modern techniques. Just like the Thatheras, P-TAL is an epitome of transforming tradition into trend while converting practice into perfection thus moulding the vessels of hope!

Availability: Limited spot for only the first 15 signups as we want everyone to get the best out of this workshop by providing balanced attention to each.

Steps we will follow in this workshop:

We will be painting this beautiful madhubani peacock and other motifs on one of the authentic handcrafted Brass Dibbis from P-TAL. This is a beginner frindly workshop. You will be learning the painting techniques in Madhubani art, along with the stories and significance of colours. The materials for this workshop include a beautiful 5-6 inch brass dibbi from P-TAL as well as colours and varnish. The workshop will also be accompanied with a small display of the master artists artworks (available for purchase) 

Price: Rs. 1999 inclusive of all materials (including Ptal Dibbi , retail price for which is Rs. 1549)